Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I need to get her shoes.
Does anyone speak Spanish?
They promised me they were going to start fixing things.
You don't treat people like that.
You don't treat people like garbage.
Idiot doesn't know that you can't evict children
because children don’t pay rent.
You evict the parents!
I've got to resecure that number seven.
Just have to board them.
That's the car that she was in.
She's not going to pick up.
It ain’t lunchtime.
Power!
Power to the people!
Don't get me wrong. they want it.
I know I'm falling short as a mother...
in every way.
But I'm doing my best and
maybe what I'm doing my kids will
understand when they're older.
and hopefully they'll be okay
because they're supported by their community.
Officer down!
I need a medic!
Jeff: If he chooses not to enter the military
then he has that option.
Jeff: So let's not keep hitting it on the head.
They need to have a union because
they are too disgusting.
We smoked them!